Warning about using zero address as ownership in SwayBook (#2127)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/blockchain-development/access_control.md

- If the caller is a contract, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `ContractId` sender variant.
- If the caller is external (i.e. from a script), then all coin input owners in the transaction are checked. If all owners are the same, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `Address` sender variant.
- If the caller is external and coin input owners are different, then the caller cannot be determined and a `Result::Err(AuthError)` is returned.

> ## Using `BASE_ASSET_ID` as deafult/null address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using `BASE_ASSET_ID` as default/null address
```

The `BASE_ASSET_ID` constant is **not** a reserved address and should not be treated as such.

> `BASE_ASSET_ID` is defined in the Standard Library. It is a `b256` type and is eqivalent to the 0 value.

Reviewer: 1. `BASE_ASSET_ID` will be a `ContractId` soon: #2020. Might as well do the doc update now, but you could defer it to a future PR if you want.
2. The value of `BASE_ASSET_ID` should never actually be needed by users. It could be `0xddec0e7e6a9a4a4e3e57d08d080d71a299c628a46bc609aab4627695679421ca` for all they know.
```suggestion
`BASE_ASSET_ID` is defined in the standard library as a `ContractId` type whose value should not be depended on.
```

> Many contracts require some form of ownership. When revoking ownership, it is disadvised to use the `BASE_ASSET_ID` of a `Address` or `ContractId` to reset the owner. Instead, it is recommended to use an `Option` of type `Identity` and setting the `Option` to `None`. 

Reviewer: This makes less sense in the light of #2020

Author: For anyone coming from Solidity, it will be instinctive to set an address to 0 as a default. As `BASE_ASSET_ID` will become a `ContractId` it may make more sense to have this section refer to a 0 address in general rather than the constant itself.

Reviewer: Ref: #2131

Author: I've updated this section to refer to contract ownership in general and the use of the zero address.

- If the caller is a contract, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `ContractId` sender variant.
- If the caller is external (i.e. from a script), then all coin input owners in the transaction are checked. If all owners are the same, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `Address` sender variant.
- If the caller is external and coin input owners are different, then the caller cannot be determined and a `Result::Err(AuthError)` is returned.

## Contract Ownership

> Many contracts require some form of ownership for access control. To accomplish this, it is recommended that a storage variable of type `Option<Identity>` is used to keep track of the owner. This allows setting and revoking ownership using the variants `Some(..)` and `None` respectively. This is better, safer, and more readable than using the `Identity` type directly where revoking ownership has to be done using some default value such as `BASE_ASSET_ID` or otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many contracts require some form of ownership for access control. To accomplish this, it is recommended that a storage variable of type `Option<Identity>` is used to keep track of the owner. This allows setting and revoking ownership using the variants `Some(..)` and `None` respectively. This is better, safer, and more readable than using the `Identity` type directly where revoking ownership has to be done using some magic value such as `BASE_ASSET_ID` or otherwise.
```

Reviewer 2: @bitzoic I took the liberty to commit the suggestion above, I hope you don't mind :) 

John, this is ready for a re-review.

Author: > @bitzoic I took the liberty to commit the suggestion above, I hope you don't mind :)

No not at all, totally missed this in my email notifications

- If the caller is a contract, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `ContractId` sender variant.
- If the caller is external (i.e. from a script), then all coin input owners in the transaction are checked. If all owners are the same, then `Result::Ok(Sender)` is returned with the `Address` sender variant.
- If the caller is external and coin input owners are different, then the caller cannot be determined and a `Result::Err(AuthError)` is returned.

## Contract Ownership

> Many contracts require some form of ownership and storing of an `Identity` for access control. When storing an `Identity` where the `BASE_ASSET_ID` should not be allowed as a default(such as ownership), it is recommended to use an `Option<Identity>` instead.

Reviewer 2: How about something like this? I think this puts more emphasis on the good solution and less emphasis and the bad solution:
```suggestion
Many contracts require some form of ownership for access control. To accomplish this, it is recommended that a storage variable of type `Option<Identity>` is used to keep track of the owner. This allows setting and revoking ownership using the variants `Some(..)` and `None` respectively. This is better, safer, and more readable than using the `Identity` type directly where revoking ownership has to be done using some default value such as `BASE_ASSET_ID` or otherwise.
```

Author: Yes much better

The following is an example of how to properly set ownership of a contract:

```sway
{{#include ../../../examples/ownership/src/main.sw:set_owner_example}}
```

> When revoking ownership, it is disadvised to set ownership to the zero address of an `Address` or `ContractId`. Instead, it is recommended to set the ownership `Option<Identity>` to `None`. 

Reviewer 2: In light above, this sentence can be deleted.

> This is an example of how to properly revoke ownership:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of how to properly revoke ownership of a contract:
```
(for consistency with the previous example)
